[bitnami/cert-manager] Include Cert Manager (#6271)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/cert-manager/README.md

```console
$ helm install my-release -f values.yaml bitnami/cert-manager
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Configuration and installation details

### [Rolling VS Immutable tags](https://docs.bitnami.com/containers/how-to/understand-rolling-tags-containers/)

It is strongly recommended to use immutable tags in a production environment. This ensures your deployment does not change automatically if the same tag is updated with a different image.

Bitnami will release a new chart updating its containers if a new version of the main container, significant changes, or critical vulnerabilities exist.

### Adding extra environment variables

In case you want to add extra environment variables (useful for advanced operations like custom init scripts), you can use the `extraEnvVars` property.

```yaml
extraEnvVars:
  - name: LOG_LEVEL
    value: DEBUG
```

Alternatively, you can use a ConfigMap or a Secret with the environment variables. To do so, use the `extraEnvVarsCM` or the `extraEnvVarsSecret` values.

### Sidecars and Init Containers

> If you have a need for additional containers to run within the same pod as the Kubewatch app (e.g. an additional metrics or logging exporter), you can do so via the `sidecars` config parameter. Simply define your container according to the Kubernetes container spec.

Reviewer: Kubewatch?

```yaml
sidecars:
  - name: your-image-name
    image: your-image
    imagePullPolicy: Always
    ports:
      - name: portname
       containerPort: 1234
```

Similarly, you can add extra init containers using the `initContainers` parameter.

```yaml
initContainers:
  - name: your-image-name
    image: your-image
    imagePullPolicy: Always
    ports:
      - name: portname
        containerPort: 1234
```

### Deploying extra resources

There are cases where you may want to deploy extra objects, such a ConfigMap containing your app's configuration or some extra deployment with a micro service used by your app. For covering this case, the chart allows adding the full specification of other objects using the `extraDeploy` parameter.

### Setting Pod's affinity

> This chart allows you to set your custom affinity using the `affinity` parameter. Find more information about Pod's affinity in the [kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity).
> 
> As an alternative, you can use of the preset configurations for pod affinity, pod anti-affinity, and node affinity available at the [bitnami/common](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/common#affinities) chart. To do so, set the `podAffinityPreset`, `podAntiAffinityPreset`, or `nodeAffinityPreset` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart allows you to set your custom affinity using the `XXX.affinity` paremeter(s). Find more information about Pod's affinity in the [kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity).

As an alternative, you can make use of the preset configurations for pod affinity, pod anti-affinity, and node affinity available at the [bitnami/common](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/common#affinities) chart. To do so, set the `XXX.podAffinityPreset`, `XXX.podAntiAffinityPreset`, or `XXX.nodeAffinityPreset` parameters.
```

| `metrics.serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout`    | The timeout after which the scrape is ended                                                      | `30s`       |
| `metrics.serviceMonitor.additionalLabels` | Additional labels that can be used so ServiceMonitor resource(s) can be discovered by Prometheus | `undefined` |

### Other Parameters

| Name          | Description                                        | Value  |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------ |
| `rbac.create` | Specifies whether RBAC resources should be created | `true` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release bitnami/cert-manager \
  --set installCRDs=true
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release -f values.yaml bitnami/cert-manager
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

> ## Configuration and installation details

Reviewer: We should include a section explaining how to create different Issuers (e.g. SelfSigned & ACMESolver)

Author: I am working on it. If we decided finally to merge the change, I will create another PR adding those new sections.
